Web3 ID documentation (#855)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/net/web3-id/index.rst

.. image:: ../images/browser-wallet/add-web3id-credential.png
   :alt: window with pending credential and option buttons
   :width: 25%

Web3 ID is an extension of the core protocol identity with other types of credentials that don’t have stringent requirements on anonymity revocation, but can also prove a number of other attributes of the holder. Examples of this could be club membership credentials, reward programs, etc. There are no requirements imposed on who can be an issuer of these credentials, and in contrast to protocol identities, the verifiable credentials can be revoked according to the logic imposed by the issuer. This could be that the credential holder can revoke it, the credential expires, or the issuer or some other third party has rights to revoke it.

Verifiable credentials, like account credentials, will contain commitments to a variety of attributes. :ref:`Zero-knowledge proofs<glossary-zero-knowledge-proof>` can be constructed to verify the committed values. The |bw| supports construction of these proofs. The proofs can contain a mix of verifiable credentials and account credentials.

Entities
========

> The core entities of the Web3ID ecosystem are :ref:`issuers<glossary-issuer>` which issue and manage the lifetime of verifiable credentials, and :ref:`holders<glossary-credential-holder>` that have verifiable credentials in their wallets, and use them to prove properties about themselves to :ref:`verifiers<glossary-verifier>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core entities of the Web3 ID ecosystem are :ref:`issuers<glossary-issuer>` which issue and manage the lifetime of verifiable credentials, and :ref:`holders<glossary-credential-holder>` that have verifiable credentials in their wallets, and use them to prove properties about themselves to :ref:`verifiers<glossary-verifier>`.
```

In particular, a key part of the business logic is whether the verifier trusts a particular issuer, which is identified by a smart contract address and the public key registered therein.

Concordium runs an instance of the verifier for `Mainnet <https://web3id-verifier.mainnet.concordium.software/v0/verify>`_ or `Testnet <https://web3id-verifier.testnet.concordium.com/v0/verify>`__. Using Concordium hosted services means that the verifier places trust in Concordium, but simplifies the implementation of the verifier. You still have to provide a user interface or front end (usually a dApp) that calls the Concordium hosted verifier. Otherwise, if you want to run the verification service yourself, Concordium simplifies the checking of the cryptographic part by providing a `verifier service <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-web3id/tree/main/services/web3id-verifier>`_. To read more about the verification service, see :ref:`Tool to verify credentials<verifier-tool>`.

> An example verifier dApp can be found (link), and an example back end can be found (link).

Reviewer: Can we link to Concordia here?

The example verifier backend source code is at https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-web3id/tree/main/examples/some-verifier
